# nursery-name-classification
CMSC-5723 Machine Learning Project - Classification Due: Friday, March 4, 11:59 PM (2000 pt) For this project, you will create a program which will perform classification on the attached data. You may use whichever language you feel comfortable with, but bear in mind that I will need to run this program as well. The nursery.names file contains the description of the data, and each row of the training and test data files contain a single row of data, ending with the classification for that row. Your program should do the following: 1. Prompt the user for the training data file 2. Build the classification model you intend to use to do predictions 3. Prompt the user for the test data file without labels 4. For each instance in the test data file, output (to standard output) that instance followed by the classification your model gives it. Attached to this are a split of the data into training and test sets. I have also provided a labeled test set so that you can check the accuracy of your model. You do not have to implement your own machine learning model. You can use libraries which implement whichever model you choose. If these libraries require the data in a specific format, your program should transform the data (without replacing the data files) into the proper format without the user having to change anything. If you choose to implement your own model, you will receive 500 bonus points. The score for this project will be calculated as follows: Let Accgiven be the overall accuracy of your classifier on the given test set using the given training set, and let Accsecret be the overall accuracy of your classifier on my secret test set given my secret training set. The score will be: Accgiven ∗ 1100 + Accsecret ∗ 1200 And an additional 500 points if you implement your own model. You should turn into this project: • The source code for your program, and any dependencies (libraries) your program requires • If applicable, the compiled executable for your program • Detailed instructions on how to get your program to run Good luck!
